a man has killed at least one woman and
wounded more than a dozen dozen people
in a suspected stabbing and car ramming
attack in the central Israeli city of
Raanana there are reports this could
have been a carjacking incident it has
happened amid a tense security situation
in the country due to Israel's war with
Hamas in
Gaza and for the latest let's bring in
DW special correspondent a Ibrahim she
joins us from Jerusalem a what else can
you tell
us well that we know that the police has
arrested two Palestinian men from uh the
city of uh from Hebron in the West Bank
who were um as it seems according to
reports working in Israel illegally in
connection with this ongoing
investigation we know that um at least
17 uh wounded so far far and one uh
victim who has succumbed to their um
wounds and and and died as a result of
this attack uh the mayor uh of the town
has asked that residents stay indoors
for the time being as um police and
other officials try to get to the bottom
of what is uh going on uh exactly that
is what we know so far a Ibrahim
reporting from Jerusalem there thank you
a
and gaza's Hamas run Health Ministry
says at least 60 people have been killed
in overnight strikes by Israel more than
a 100 days after Hamas carried out the
deadly October 7 Terror attacks Israel's
offensive in Gaza shows no signs of
slowing the war has killed now more than
24,000 people in Gaza that's also
according to the Hamas Iran Health
Ministry the fighting has also displaced
nearly 85% of of its population in
Israel the 100th day was marked with
more calls for the release of Hamas
hostages Hamas which is designated as a
terrorist organization by Germany the EU
and the US released a video of three
Israeli hostages on Sunday meanwhile
Israel's closest Ally the US says it's
the right time for Israel to scale back
its operations in
Gaza